lightning/README.md, before:

## Introducing Lightning - World’s Fastest Text to Speech

Lightning is the world’s fastest text to speech model, generating around 10 seconds of hyper-realistic audio in just 100ms, all at once, no streaming.

Documentation for Waves: https://waves-docs.smallest.ai/introduction

- example_audios: The folder containing example of the some speakers in English as well as Hindi. Other speakers can also be explored

- generate_audio_local/get_speech_lightning_english_api_example.py: Example script to call lightning API for english language and save file to local

- generate_audio_local/get_speech_lightning_english_api_example.py: Example script to call lightning API for hindi language and save file to local

- vocode_example: examples on how to integrate the lightning api with vocode

Parameters:

1. SAMPLE_RATE: Output sample rate required
2. VOICE_ID: Voice ID vary based on language, english has 4 speakers and hindi has 3 speakers

#### Examples

Example 1: That's a good point, and we should also ensure that the schedules are well-coordinated to avoid overcrowding. How can we best organize the schedules to ensure a smooth flow of people while minimizing congestion?

[example_1.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3558b3c-041c-46ed-8462-3deb5c15b703)

Example 2: That's a great idea! Do you think using apps that block notifications during work hours could also help boost productivity?

[example_2.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a758a30e-88df-456a-9fe5-0002911583d2)

Example 3: Thank you for reaching out to us! We're here to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have.

[example_3.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f4dafc48-3217-4cb4-b951-49fca096b0a1)

Hindi Example 1: आपकी संतुष्टि हमारे लिए सबसे महत्वपूर्ण है, इसलिए यदि आपको किसी भी प्रकार की समस्या है, तो कृपया हमें बताएं।

[hindi_example_1.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af28ce10-d430-4847-8824-16319dfa818f)

Hindi Example 2: सभी लोगों को यह समझना चाहिए कि कठिनाइयों का सामना करने से ही हम अपने जीवन में सफलताएँ प्राप्त कर सकते हैं और आगे बढ़ सकते हैं।

[hindi_example_2.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b63de689-c1f9-40f7-89c7-9bf7e2e68fca)

Hindi Example 3: क्या तुम इस वीकेंड किसी फिल्म देखने चलना चाहोगे?

[hindi_example_3.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4652a2ec-a499-4990-9221-af8030f730a5)

Commit message:

added descr for same file

lightning/README.md, after:

## Introducing Lightning - World’s Fastest Text to Speech

Lightning is the world’s fastest text to speech model, generating around 10 seconds of hyper-realistic audio in just 100ms, all at once, no streaming.

Documentation for Waves: https://waves-docs.smallest.ai/introduction

- example_audios: The folder containing example of the some speakers in English as well as Hindi. Other speakers can also be explored

- generate_audio_local/get_speech_lightning_english_api_example.py: Example script to call lightning API for english language and save file to local

- generate_audio_local/get_speech_lightning_english_api_example.py: Example script to call lightning API for hindi language and save file to local

- generate_audio_local/long_audios_using_http.py: Example script to call lightning API for longer audios using http protocol and save file to local


- vocode_example: examples on how to integrate the lightning api with vocode

Parameters:

1. SAMPLE_RATE: Output sample rate required
2. VOICE_ID: Voice ID vary based on language, english has 4 speakers and hindi has 3 speakers

#### Examples

Example 1: That's a good point, and we should also ensure that the schedules are well-coordinated to avoid overcrowding. How can we best organize the schedules to ensure a smooth flow of people while minimizing congestion?

[example_1.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f3558b3c-041c-46ed-8462-3deb5c15b703)

Example 2: That's a great idea! Do you think using apps that block notifications during work hours could also help boost productivity?

[example_2.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a758a30e-88df-456a-9fe5-0002911583d2)

Example 3: Thank you for reaching out to us! We're here to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have.

[example_3.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f4dafc48-3217-4cb4-b951-49fca096b0a1)

Hindi Example 1: आपकी संतुष्टि हमारे लिए सबसे महत्वपूर्ण है, इसलिए यदि आपको किसी भी प्रकार की समस्या है, तो कृपया हमें बताएं।

[hindi_example_1.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/af28ce10-d430-4847-8824-16319dfa818f)

Hindi Example 2: सभी लोगों को यह समझना चाहिए कि कठिनाइयों का सामना करने से ही हम अपने जीवन में सफलताएँ प्राप्त कर सकते हैं और आगे बढ़ सकते हैं।

[hindi_example_2.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b63de689-c1f9-40f7-89c7-9bf7e2e68fca)

Hindi Example 3: क्या तुम इस वीकेंड किसी फिल्म देखने चलना चाहोगे?

[hindi_example_3.webm](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4652a2ec-a499-4990-9221-af8030f730a5)
